# KU_CANTEEN_ManagementSystem
This is the miniproject of human computer and interaction reagrding the ku canteen system management.


Human Computer Interaction encompasses extensive areas and designing effective User Interface (UI) has always been emphasized, as effective interfaces provide potential to improve system performance.  [2] It is a great challenge to design an effective UI as it requires understanding of different disciplines, for example, user’s physical and cognitive capabilities, sociological contexts, computer science and engineering, graphics design, and work domain. [2] [3] There is a need of seeing the overview of usability studies on the software or applications to ascertain the current state of how users pursue the applications and to comprehend the usability research gaps. [4] Usability is crucial to any products because if the users cannot achieve their goals effectively, efficiently, and in satisfactory manner, they might seek for alternative solutions to achieve their goals. [5] A usable product seeks to achieve three main outcomes: the product is easy for users to become familiar with and competent in using it during the first contact, the product is easy for users to achieve their objective through using it and the product is easy for users to recall the user interface and how to use it on later visits. [6] To more deepen the research of how to make an interface usable, KU Canteen Management System interface has been chosen.
A heavy crowd of employees and students have always been seen in Kathmandu University Canteen, where their payment and food selection are done through the computerized payment system. It has a user-friendly Interface and has been a great relief to manage the system. It is a food coupon system enabling users to choose food items and pay using card instead of physical money. The system is developed as a desktop application where user logins to the system using a RFID tag. To use the system, user have to tap on the food items they want to have and pay bill to take coupon on the food counter. The interface contains list of food items, both available and unavailable. Menu section contains items divided into categories as snacks and lunch and drinks tabs. Items are respectively available in snacks and lunch/dinner tab and drinks are available in drinks tab. 

Thus, major problems addressed by our research project in enhancing this interface is deduction mode, availability of food, color theory, font size, and other aesthetic parts of the design. This research project will benefit the regular users of the KU Canteen reducing the havocs created by current issues of the current interface of KU Canteen Management System aiming to find the answers for following research questions:
RQ1: How can an interface be enhanced in terms of usability and better performance? 
RQ2: What techniques can be implied to offer an informative feedback to users through an interface?
RQ3: What can be the ways to reduce motor tasks and reduce errors?
RQ4: How can manual and user documentations be implemented in interfaces where user tend to spend the minimal amount of time?
